Improve deps.json documentation (#19958)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/dependency-loading/default-probing.md

Additionally, the *\*.deps.json* files for any referenced frameworks are similarly parsed.

Finally the environment variable `ADDITIONAL_DEPS` can be used to add additional dependencies.  `dotnet.exe` also contains an `--additional-deps` optional parameter to set this value on application startup.

The `APP_PATHS` and `APP_NI_PATHS` properties are not populated by default and are omitted for most applications.

> To see all *\*.deps.json* files present, you can write a log statement to output `System.AppContext.GetData("APP_CONTEXT_DEPS_FILES")`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of all *\*.deps.json* files used by the application can be accessed via `System.AppContext.GetData("APP_CONTEXT_DEPS_FILES")`.
```
